
e0: wm/edit stops saving to file when save clicked
e0: sys->fildes(2) breaks sqlite->open()
e0: sqlite path must be absolute
e0: wm/ftree segfault in libtk/canvs.c
e0: blackbox acmewin game segfaults
e1: resize of Tk window crashes; flushmemscreen()
e1: wm/toolbar segfault; cvtup, splitc, insc;   now XSync
e1: wm/polyhedra bad plot
e1: wm/mand; doesn't fail but graph wrong.
e1: wm/snake; segfault after a few secs.
e1: cvtwf punts but could use amd64 instruction.
e0: csendalt failed tktolimbo with cursor movement
e0: plumbing is empty file opening in acme
e0: plumber /chan/plumb.rules empty in acme-lite
e0: wm/dir double click to open file;  link typecheck WmEdit->fontify().
e0: sslv2 is deprecated since 2011. Need support for TLS 1.3. Integrate openssl library. 
e0: charon ssl doesn't work

FIXED: e0: charon crash opening www.goto95.com
FIXED: e0: charon images render incorrectly
FIXED: e0: getauthinfo hangs; mpinvert(). issue was with fmtinstall of B for libsec
FIXED: llama2.c: fileserver
FIXED: e0: os sh -i hangs
FIXED: sqlite: we should be able to edit os_unix.c to call the emu kopen,kread,kwrite and skip locking; lockfs can be used instead. then we can read sqlite databases from e.g. tarfs, 9660srv.
FIXED: e0 wm/colors crashes; maybe some unusual display function in limbo. the acme-sac version doesn't crash but the colors are off.
FIXED: e0: man 5 intro segfault in libinterp/string.c; array bounds
FIXED: Permissions on Linux. group permission doesn't allow create/write of files.
FIXED: write to files, issue with UNIX groups and '#U'.
FIXED: make new files in Linux directory.
FIXED: e1 tiny/sh works interactive
FIXED: e1 sh crashes with array bounds error
FIXED: e1 t50, t24, t22, t16, t21, echo, ps, pwd, whoami
FIXED: e1 run svc/httpd/httpd in JIT
FIXED: e1 ls|wc hangs; due to memory corruption of nprop and mutator, free wasn't called..
FIXED: e1 mash mashfile works but not when started interactive
FIXED: e0 crypt key generation spins
FIXED e0 wm/wm wm/sh  window focus doesn't work. window minimize. could also be the reason wm/toolbar is non-responsive.  this only happens when W() is int. 
FIXED e0 wm/toolbar non-responsive
FIXED e1 mash interactive hangs
FIXED e0 wm/debug crashes
FIXED e0: plumber using acme-sac plumbing rules; same crash location as parseman, cvtup(). Changed int to ulong in string.c:lenc
FIXED e0: convcs cannot generate /lib/convcs/* string.c:cvtup, splitc, insc
FIXED e0: charon:EXinternal:build:init cannot load charset converter bad codepage /lib/convcs/iso-8859-1.cp
FIXED e0: man 5 intro segfault in libinterp/string.c; array bounds

Get to the point where acme is stable so I can do AoC in December.


The WORD size must align with stubs and frame layouts from limbo compiler.
currently they are not the same.
limbo sometimes gives an int 4 or 8 byts in the frame.
all the *w instructions should work on a WORD which should be int32.
A pointer is a double word.
Wherever a WORD is used to refer to a pointer is should be changed to a DWORD.
This includes all WORD declarations in interp.h
All WORD declarations in runt.h.

For type desc the map is for 64 bit DWORDS. Alignment is for 64bit DWORDS.

IBY2WD must remain 8. It is the address size interpretation of WORD.
WORD has two interpretations. As int32 or as pointer.

The frame instruction dst has only 4 bytes instead of 8 bytes avail in the FP.
Change the limbo compiler to treat pointers as tbig not tint.
Affects alt, frame, case, what else?

There are potentially lots of places where I'm load/store a 64bit 
where I should only do a 32bit.. Wasn't ap roblem when wordsize was 64bit.
But with 32bit word size this problem will corrupt memory.

IDEA to use the additional registers, set all the dis VM REG in the high registers,

For the t16 issue with indx the instruction must allocate a temporary for the destination.
But currently it allocates an int. It needs to allocate a long.

